I'm not sure how many of you got it,
but it's right here in the setOperatingStatus.
If you notice, on my line 132,
I have requireIsOperational as
a function modifier for the function that is going to change the operational mode.
So what this does is create a critical crippling bug in the contract.
Such bugs have actually made it out into the wild in smart contracts and have
resulted in contracts where millions of dollars
in funds are blocked because the contract becomes inactive.
The bug specifically is that,
once you set the contract operating flag variable to false,
it is impossible for any further functions that rely on that to ever be called.
That's because it will be impossible for you to
change the operating status once it's set to false.
So this is called a lockout bug,
and it's something that you want to be very careful about and
ensure that in all your contract code,
as you develop best practices to protect yourself,
you also make sure that you don't protect yourself too much
to the point where you cannot get back into your code.
So this we should remove,
and it's no longer locked out.
So this is a good time to take a quiz
and tell us what the definition is of a lockout bug.